docs: rework data views intro and split into a section (#7502) (#7723)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/find-and-organize/data-views/data-view-field-cache.md

---
description: How Kibana caches a data view's field list in the browser, and how to refresh it with the Refresh control.
applies_to:
  stack: ga
  serverless: ga
products:
  - id: kibana
---

# Data view field cache

The browser caches {{data-source}} field lists to improve performance. Caching matters most for {{data-sources}} with a high field count that span many indices and clusters.

> In typical {{kib}} usage, the field list updates every few minutes. To get an updated list immediately, select **Refresh** on the {{data-source}} management detail page. Reloading {{kib}} has the same effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In typical {{kib}} usage, the field list updates every few minutes. To get an updated list immediately, select **Refresh** on the {{data-source}} management detail page. Clearing your browser cache {{kib}} has the same effect.
```
The "force reload" it referred to before is more than a regular reload. It's a way of clearing the browser cache, but it wasn't really clear. Not sure this suggestion is necessarily better, but at least clear.
